sun9iw1p1_android                       xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_dragonboard                   xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_linux                         sun9i_defconfig             sun9iw1p1smp_defconfig

sun9iw1p1_android_jaws                  xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_dragonboard_jaws              xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_linux_jaws                    sun9i_defconfig             sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_defconfig

sun9iw1p1_android_secure                xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_secure_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_dragonboard_secure            xxx                         sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_secure_defconfig
sun9iw1p1_linux_secure                  sun9i_defconfig             sun9iw1p1smp_android_jaws_secure_defconfig

sun8iw1p1_android                       sun8i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig
sun8iw1p1_dragonboard                   sun8i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig
sun8iw1p1_linux                         sun8i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig

sun6i_android                           sun6i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig
sun6i_dragonboard                       sun6i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig
sun6i_linux                             sun6i_defconfig             sun6ismp_fiber_android_defconfig

sun8iw7p1_android                       sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_dragonboard                   sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_linux                         sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_defconfig

sun8iw7p1_android_karaok                sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_karaok_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_dragonboard_karaok            sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_karaok_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_linux_karaok                  sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_karaok_defconfig

sun8iw6p1_android                       sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_eagle_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_dragonboard                   sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_eagle_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_linux                         sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_defconfig

sun8iw6p1_android_secure                sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_eagle_secure_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_dragonboard_secure            sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_eagle_secure_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_linux_secure                  sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_eagle_secure_defconfig

sun8iw6p1_android_aston                 sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_aston_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_dragonboard_aston             sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_android_aston_defconfig
sun8iw6p1_linux_aston                   sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw6p1smp_defconfig

sun8iw7p1_android_secure                sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_secure_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_dragonboard_secure            sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_secure_defconfig
sun8iw7p1_linux_secure                  sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw7p1smp_android_secure_defconfig

sun8iw9p1_android                       sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw9p1smp_android_defconfig
sun8iw9p1_linux                         sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw9p1smp_defconfig

sun8iw11p1_android                      sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw11p1smp_android_magton_defconfig
sun8iw11p1_dragonboard                  sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw11p1smp_android_magton_defconfig
sun8iw11p1_linux                        sun8i_defconfig             sun8iw11p1smp_defconfig
sun8iw11p1_eyeseelinux                  sun8iw11p1_defconfig        sun8iw11p1smp_eyeseelinux_magton_defconfig

sun8iw12p1_linux                        sun8iw12p1_defconfig        sun8iw12p1smp_defconfig

sun50iw1p1_android                      sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw1p1smp_android_rabbit_defconfig
sun50iw1p1_dragonboard                  xxx                         sun50iw1p1smp_android_rabbit_defconfig
sun50iw1p1_linux                        sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw1p1smp_defconfig

sun50iw2p1_android_4.4                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw2p1smp_android_4.4_defconfig
sun50iw2p1_android_5.1                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw2p1smp_android_cheetah_defconfig
sun50iw2p1_android_7.x                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw2p1smp_android_cheetah_defconfig
sun50iw2p1_dragonboard                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw2p1smp_android_cheetah_defconfig
sun50iw2p1_linux                        sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw2p1smp_defconfig

sun50iw6p1_android_4.4                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw6p1smp_android_4.4_defconfig
sun50iw6p1_android_5.1                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw6p1smp_android_7.x_defconfig
sun50iw6p1_android_7.x                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw6p1smp_android_7.x_defconfig
sun50iw6p1_linux                        sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw6p1smp_min_defconfig
sun50iw6p1_dragonboard                  sun50i_defconfig            sun50iw6p1smp_android_4.4_defconfig
